***This CTD occurs when saving the game(Normal or Quick Save). Information here is relevant to a .NET Script Framework Log. This could truly be a leveled list issue BUT it is most likely from a save error that occured when trying to save the game during your playthrough. This happens from a lack of memory when trying to save causing a sort of loop when that leads to a CTD. Once it occurs, it will keep on HAPPENING. 

Possible Relevant Objects: TESLevItem(FormId: xxxxxxxx, File: `Example.esp <- xxx.esp <- Skyrim.esm`)

Possible Callstack: BGSSaveGameBuffer::unk_xxxxxx+xx (Mentioned somewhere)

WORKAROUNDS: 1. Player.kill Method: This method is exactly as it is stated. You load your particular save. You then kill yourself(presumably by console command or yeeting off a clif-your choice) and once you respawn, save your game. For your forseeable sitting playthrough, you should be able to continue to save without crashing. However, if you have been using this method to delay fixing this issue for quite some time, you could still crash after a cell change, death, sleeping, or exiting and entering back into the game.
             2. Load twice Method: This method has also seemed to work for many others and myself included. Simply load your savefile and once it has loaded, load it again from the start menu. This seems to temporarily end the loop like the first method but is also prone to the same issues. 
SLIGHTLY PERMANENT FIX: This seems to work and delays the issue indefinitely(at least for me for the last 50 hours). First we need to direct ourselves to the save file for Skyrim. This is usually in the documents file under My Games. In it, you will find temp.ess files for saves that were attempted but CTD. These are created when the save manager is put in a sort of loop. DELETE ALL OF THOSE. You cannot convert them to an actual save file. Having these files will cause the CTD on save to occur more frequently. Once deleted, proceed to use one of the workarounds and this should solve the issue from happening again for a long time.
PREVENTION ADVICE: To prevent this issue from happening, common consensus states it is wise to set the "SaveGameMaxSize" in "SSE Engine Fixes" ini(toml) file to true. I also recommend increase your minimum and maximum paging file size to a decent amount respectively in BethINI under Customs: Section-Papyrus. I personally use 1024 and 3072 respectively. This should help give a reasonable amount of memory to the game when it comes to running scripts. Due note, this is an individualized tweak that works for MY load order. I would always recommend making changes that would help fit yours as you not only have different hardware, but different mods as well. You have probably heard in the past that one should never change the papyrus setting, but the times have changed. Modding is way more advanced and extensive than it was in the past. In order to accomodate these changes, I ask that you take the first cautious step in tweaking what was once taboo to be touched. Another suggestion I recommend is getting rid of autosaves and quick saves as the saving procedure for these are a bit different than regular saves. If you insist on having some sort of quicksave feature, I suggest enabling "Regular Quicksaves" in SSE Engine Fixes that would make the quicksave hotkey make a new save each time. Make sure, however, to regularly delete old saves that you might not load in your playthrough.
