The Famous "Crash on Save" Bug
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CTD occurs when saving your game
Possible Relevant Objects: TESLevItem(FormId: xxxxxxxx, File: `Example.esp <- xxx.esp <- Skyrim.esm`)
Callstack: mentions BGSSaveGameBuffer::unk_xxxxxx+xx somewhere
*While this issue can arise from a leveled list issue, it can also occur from a save error that occured when trying to save the game during your playthrough. This happens from a lack of memory when trying to save causing a sort of loop that leads to a CTD. Once it occurs, it will keep on HAPPENING. This save is such a chronic and ongoing hassle in the community that it deserves a category of its own.
MAIN FIX: I, HellLizard, as well as a couple of other testimonies have been investigating into the possibility of this crash stemming from a leveled list issue. Many people have claimed that deleting the leveled list using XEdit works, but, in my experience, this has caused more troubles and doesn't really fix the issue, especially if that leveled list is a vanilla one. However, modifying saves that list scripts that modify these leveled lists is a different method on its own. It has become clear that a couple of mods that change leveled list mid-game using scripts may contribute to this issue as well. Certain mods like LOTD: The Curators Companion(TCC) or INeed are known to modify certain leveled lists like spell tomes that could possibly be contributing to this crash. Specifically, it would add to the count for 2 of the spell tomes added by TCC until it reaches a certain amounts that causes the crash. Though this mod has been updated and this issue been rectified, I think it is important to be aware of possible long-term issues that are attributed to mods that modify leveled list mid-game improperly. Using ReSaver, look up the last 5 digits of the leveled item mentioned in the crash log(ex. A297A) and delete all mentions of it. I would make a backup save before doing this, should you decide to replace it. A couple of people states that this works(I can attest to this as well) and it would help if more people tried it for further confirmation. While the fixes below are still very much relevant, more information could help lead to understanding more about the nature of this crash. Below are some listed mods with this issue and will be updated accordingly when fixed:
INeed
ALTERNATIVE ROUTES: There are three OTHER ways to go about dealing with this issue. REVERT back to an older save that doesn't have this issue, WORKAROUNDS, or the SLIGHTLY PERMANENT FIX
WORKAROUNDS: For most people, this is a way of dealing with the issue temporarily. However, this will only delay the crash for a short time and it will occur again sooner and with a vengeance. 
		1st Method-Player.kill Method: This method is exactly as it is stated. You load your particular save. You then kill yourself(presumably by console command or yeeting off a cliff-your choice) and once you respawn, save your game. For your forseeable sitting playthrough, you should be able to continue to save without crashing. However, if you have been using this method to delay fixing this issue for quite some time, you could still crash after a cell change, death, sleeping, or exiting and entering back into the game.
		2nd Method-Load twice Method: This method has also seemed to work for many others and myself included. Simply load your savefile and once it has loaded, load it again from the start menu. This seems to temporarily end the loop like the first method but is also prone to the same issues. 
SLIGHTLY PERMANENT FIX: This seems to work and delays the issue indefinitely(at least for me for the last 50 hours). First and foremost, make sure you have a bashed patch created and enabled. Not having a bashed patch could cause and even exacerbate the issue. Look up tutorials on how to create one. First we need to direct ourselves to the save file for Skyrim. This is usually in the documents file under My Games. In it, you will find temp.ess files for saves that were attempted but CTD. These are created when the save manager is put in sort of a loop. DELETE ALL OF THOSE. You cannot convert them to an actual save file. Having these files will cause the CTD on save to occur more frequently. Once deleted, proceed to use one of the workarounds and this should solve the issue from happening again for a long time. 
PREVENTION ADVICE: To prevent this issue from happening, common consensus states it is wise to set the "SaveGameMaxSize" in "SSE Engine Fixes" ini(toml) file to true. I also recommend increase your minimum and maximum paging file size to a decent amount respectively in BethINI under Customs: Section-Papyrus. I personally use 1024 and 3072 respectively. This should help give a reasonable amount of memory to the game when it comes to running scripts. Due note, this is an individualized tweak that works for MY load order. I would always recommend making changes that would help fit yours as you not only have different hardware, but different mods as well. I also suggest getting rid of autosaves and quick saves as the saving procedure for these MAY be a bit different than regular saves(While this has not been documented, I err on the side of cautiousness. It would be nice if someone extensively tested and affirms to this theory once and for all). If you insist on having some sort of quicksave feature, I suggest enabling "Regular Quicksaves" in SSE Engine Fixes that would make the quicksave hotkey make a new save each time. Make sure, however, to regularly delete old saves that you might not load in your playthrough. Another suggestion that I have heard from many people is to set SaveGameMaxSize to true in SSE Engine Fixes(This, however, should already be enabled but verification won't hurt). Lastly, a reasonable suggestion that goes along with my recommendation for modifying the pagefile size is modifying fUpdateBudgetMS. This is, again, a change that should be personalized and adhere to the performance your hardware is presenting. Here is a statement from tattwood that addresses this nicely: "the objective for the choice of value for fUpdateBudgetMS should be:
1. Small enough to not take away from other game processes, and spread script processing over several game frames (thus reducing stutter during periods of high game activity).
2. Large enough so that all scripts are processed relatively quickly (over a few seconds maximum) thus emptying the script queue, otherwise a backlog will build up which destabilizes your game."
With any of these changes, make sure that no other mod is modifying the same thing. Mods like SchakenFM or SSE Display Tweaks attempt to modify these settings. So if you change the skyrim ini through Bethini, make sure to make the settings match in both your main settings and the mod in question.
